"Why you wearin' my T-shirt" was the last thing I said to the blurry image of my brother amidst my family not far from the hospital bed. Unlike movies, I didn't die while holding hands of my loved ones, in tears while the cam zoomed slowly on us, I didn't close my eyes when the background music dropped, I didn't look up and say something wise. The smell of that six yod stuffed bear beside me bugged me so much, Do you even wash that mom?

I see you are somewhere between "What the hell is going on" and "That's funny, but." Let me rewind a bit for you in these last seconds I have. *Wavy flashback animation* 

Mom just forgot to cut the crust of my sandwich again, but don't start jumping to conclusions: No, I didn't die from the crust.
So as per the Bullying Code of Conduct, I swept a quick look around some of the nerdy options: Jeremy Watts, bookworm, Whitebread Turkey Sandwich. Pass. Simon Duffeu, Tech-maniac, refrigerated pizza with onions, ONIONS! Pass. Finally! William Crookhead, math cracker. Classic! Peanut butter with jam geometrically pleasing piece of art! Well, You can say we switched meals: I took his sandwich, and I let him watch mine. Yes, I know I was not your typical "Protagonist waiting to die" type of kid. *2 hours Lateur* The school bus was your usual 1-hour drive of purging - at least not from the 11 yods perspectives - Cries of hope died as spit flung to their faces. Good times... Good times. 

I guess it's either I was so distracted with the pokemon cards I just snatched, or Karma exists, and I deserved it. I'll go with the pokemon option.
I was hit by this awfully colored average consumer car. I laid on the asphalt for a few seconds thinking of the many things I could have done: I could've ... I guess not much, eh. The asphalt smell was quite sweet, though! I never took the time to smell it. Ironic, The moment you are about to die is the moment you learn there is something more to be lived. And you know the rest.

Deep black sleep. Then some waiting elevator music, and I just spawned in this big red pool wandering around half covered with water. A prominent white figure arose from the far end of it. Grandpa? what are you doing here?
-I was told you came early... They contacted the closest dead relative to sign in some forms for your arrival.
-Where am I?
-you are in the "In between" zone... Your fate is undecided... quite rare case.
-Well, great here goes my dream of beating zack's high score.
-That's what's worrying you?!

A sort of call went on, and my Grandpas floating figure just kept on "Aha... I see... Aha". 
It's weird here. It smells bubblegum... everything looks matte like a bad platformer game. 
My Grandpa offered me two options: Either go to hell for my harmful deeds or work in the "In between" logistics: you bring the dead stuff they miss and vis versa... the underworlds eBay if you want. Of course, I didn't want to go to hell; I m too young to be roasted... 

But, he warned me of some creatures called "Nerdilhc"s. Some sort of death bugs in the systems, souls that were corrupted during transmission. Still, It was better than burning.

First day at the UBay: first mission, ... (LEVEL TO GET SMTH)
.
.   (LEVELS BEFORE ENCOUNTERING NERDILHCS)
.
Day #n: I spotted my first nerdilhc, It ran right towards me sounding like a malfunctioning radio, it looked like some sort of Tv-static. It seemed to be afraid of my (SPECIAL WEAPON SORT OF THING TO BE THOUGHT OF LATER)...
.
.
.
Day #m: I am surrounded no way out ...  the nerdilhcs got me surrounded... Suddenly one of them glowing bluish started to communicate with them, and they retreated he tried to talk with me in some sort... I knew he wasn't hostile... I followed him... we arrived at a kind of lair...
(IN SOME SORT) I understood that the old dead people used us ... the nerdlihcs were, in fact, children (nerdlihcs spelled backwards) stuck like me working for them for too long their soul was lost. In some sort, they bullied us...


(HE CHANGES PERSONALITY HELPS THE NERDILHCS FIND SOME SORT OF PLACE WHERE THEIR SOULS FLED TO)

(THEY FREE THEMSELVES)

(HE AWAIKS FROM THE COMA AND BECOMES A BETTER BOY)

THE END

